Professional Summary
Adaptable and organized NYU graduate with hands-on experience in marketing, partner relations, administrative support, and event programming. Proven ability to multitask in fast-paced environments while maintaining accuracy and professionalism.

Education
Graduated May 2025
New York University, New York - B.S. in Media, Culture, and Communication with minors in Producing and The Business of Entertainment, Media, & Technology

Graduated June 2021
Oyster Bay High School, Oyster Bay - Advanced Regents Diploma with Honors

Experience
October 2025  - Present
The Paley Center for Media - Marketing & Partnerships Assistant
Supported the execution of integrated marketing campaigns for high-profile programming and large-scale events, contributing to audience growth through targeted email marketing, partner activations, and strategic outreach initiatives.
Managed  partner and client relationships by conducting outreach, identifying new opportunities, and collaborating on the development and trafficking of marketing assets to ensure alignment with campaign goals and timelines.
Coordinated campaign logistics and tracked deliverables using Airtable while providing administrative and cross-functional support to internal teams and senior leadership to ensure seamless execution.
September  2023 - August 2025
NYU Special Collections - Lead Administrative Assistant
Managed front-facing operations, including managing the calendar, greeting patrons, and handling communication inquiries.
Performed a variety of administrative tasks to organize and maintain  accurate daily records using platforms like Airtable.
May 2024 - May 2025
Residential Life & Housing Services - New York University- Administrative Assistant & Program Assistant
Provided administrative support and organization, as well as  coordinated programs that  fostered engagement. 
Coordinated  calendars and answered incoming phone and email inquiries.
Feb 2025 - April 2025
Karh - Public Relations Intern
Crafted press releases, managed media relations, and generated earned media coverage, while researching trends to enhance communication strategies and support publicity material development.
Communicated with industry professionals to strengthen relationships and amplify brand visibility.
Dec 2024 - Feb 2025
Flaire - Growth Intern
Promoted the travel app by utilizing marketing tactics to increase awareness to drive downloads.
Researched how to build authentic connections with users to gather feedback and help generate buzz.
May 2023 - August 2023
Adrienne Stern Casting - Casting Intern
Created deal memos, casting sides, offer letters, film breakdowns, coverage reports, and managed availability checks, Taft-Hartley forms, and updates via Breakdown Express and Actors Access.
Communicated with agents and clients to fulfill casting requests, compiled actor lists based on SAG-AFTRA criteria, and conducted industry research to build casting lists of 80+ potential candidates.

Organizations
September 2022 - May 2025
NYU Lamplighters - Lead Events Producer & Publicity Specialist
Directed audience engagement and cross-functional production coordination for multiple annual theatrical productions, managing rehearsals, venue logistics, communications, and media outreach, serving as key liaison between cast, crew, and production teams to deliver performances reaching 600+ attendees.
February 2023 - May 2025
NYU Pi Beta Phi - Vice President of Member Experience
Enhanced member satisfaction and retention by leading values-driven programming and evaluation initiatives while conceiving and executing large-scale events for 50–150 attendees.
Skills
Software: Microsoft Office Suite, Excel, Canva, Google Suite, InDesign, Muck Rack, Airtable, DocuSign, Breakdown Express, Actors Access, Adobe Platforms, Hootsuite, SharePoint, ZoomInfo,  Frame, Storyblocks, LastPass, Universe, Microsoft Dynamics, Keynote, CRM tracking, Co-Pilot, Illustrator, Generative AI. Communication: Partnerships, Paid Media, Press Releases, Pitch Letters, Marketing, Social Media, Public Relations, Copywriting, Written Communication. Administrative: Event Planning, Email Correspondence, Operations, Executive Level Administrative Support, Customer Service, Organization, Budgeting, Calendar Management, Deck Design, Data Entry, Cue Sheets.